I see y'all doing some pretty clever
stuff with AI tools and I I don't want
to stop you from doing that, but I do
want to try and bolster and make you
even better at the output you're
getting. So, I go to a lot of
conferences and events and you know in
my LinkedIn feed I see people doing this
in subreddits I see people talking about
it where they're using these prompt
libraries of hey uh here's a an
advertisement that's performing well for
us. give me some variance of that ad or
write some high click-through rate
titles for my upcoming blog post, my
webinar, my YouTube channel. Um, you
know, my latest YouTube video for my
channel, my research white paper, maybe
this video you're listening to. Give me
some ideas for visual meme-based content
that I want to put on my social channel
that's going to help promote, you know,
whatever it is that I'm doing this week.
There's nothing wrong with these. uh
I've seen huge libraries of them and
people who are like you know what we
used to call prompt engineers who are
giving optimized versions of these but
we know that the way large language
models work is essentially through it's
pattern recognition based on the corpus
it's context understanding based on
model fine-tuning and input and it's
it's knowledge application based on sort
of knowledge graphs but the problem is
that AI is going to be constrained
constrained by specifically three things
those three things are one the training
corpus. So whatever is found on the web
essentially all if you imagine the index
of the internet uh as being a bunch of
words that come after other words and
what words are found on documents
together that's going to be a
constraint. Second the model's design
and tuning is a constraint and third the
input that we give is the third
constraint. You can't impact these two
like like throw in the towel. Don't we
can we can count on eventually you know
the models getting better. They're
certainly better now than they were
three four years ago. Sometimes they
regress but mostly with they make
progress but we can impact this one by
giving better input to the AI tools
asking it better questions providing
more context providing more data we can
improve it. For example, um this was a
prompt that I found uh that that folks
were recommending and and works
reasonably well in the world of
conversion rate optimization, landing
page optimization and testing. Uh so
using what you know about visitors to
this particular website, this is
balsamic.com, which is a wireframing
tool in the software B2B world. Uh give
me 10 ideas for headlines and key
messaging to create a new homepage. I
want the strongest converting page
possible. and and apparently according
to the person who posted this tests
quite well. I tried it. I don't think
these are bad. Think in wireframes, not
in pixels. Okay. Um yeah, I I don't
totally love it. Your ideas deserve a
sketch, not a spec stock. I like this
one. It resonates with me. I might I
might change up the language a little
bit, but it makes sense. I can see why
it's compelling. What chat GBPT is
giving me here is things that it already
knows about balsamic.com because that's
what I asked it for. and that's coming
from the web corpus and it's giving me
ideas with the greatest probability of
language matching patterns right that
output is informed by the input that I
gave so if I use this prompt that was
suggested that's what chat GPT is doing
but what if we could give a better
prompt what if we could tell chat GPT
more information about the audience so
it could be more specific what if we
could deliver a greater variety of
topics interests you know things that
people search for, uh, things that other
websites that they visit, and from that
essentially provide the higher quality
input that we know large language models
benefit from. Well, it turns out I I
know a guy. Uh, yo, this is my guy. He's
uh I was born in Jersey, so I'm allowed
to, I think, use this accent. uh you you
can by exporting all the data in Spark
Toro right from from a research report
about what Sparro knows about people who
visit Balsamic right there's there's
websites they visit and keywords they
search for and topics that they're
interested in and from that my output my
perception of this output was that it
was considerably better so what I did is
I I took that export and then I uploaded
it and I used a slight variant on the
suggested prompt and now chat GPT giving
me what I think I would call them
better, but there's no way to know for
certain what these are for sure is more
specific to the audience. So rather than
thinking, you know, not in pixels, but
in wireframes, which is a little
abstract, it's instead saying this is
the easiest way to create wireframes, no
design degree required, which speaks to
engineers and non-engineers because it
knows from the from the Spark Toro data
that 55% of our audience is engineering
centric. Now, is that the absolute best
variant you could possibly come up with?
I'm not making that argument. Only
conversion rate optimization testing
could actually tell us what's going to
work. But what I know is that my
perception of the output is that it is
more specific, more based in real
audience data and that I can get far
more variation and more interesting
useful variance from my perspective that
are worth testing than if I just asked
the AI uh the inputs, you know, just
inputed the recommended prompt. So I I
would say if you're going to use AI, it
doesn't have to be Spark Toro. Similar
web gives you great data. Google Search
Console can give you data about visitors
and your audience. Uh you could you
could use some of the SEO tools to get a
list of keywords. You could even ask
Google itself. You could uh use other
tools um audience um you could use uh uh
you know discover tools, Google discover
tools, whatever you want. The power here
is in giving better input so that you
get better, more actionable, more useful
output.